feat: Adding SSL support for online server (#4677)
feast-dev/feast: docs/reference/feature-servers/python-feature-server.md

    data=json.dumps(push_data))
```

> ## Starting feature server in SSL mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Starting the feature server in SSL mode
```

Reviewer: I would provide a section above outlining what SSL mode is and why you would use it.

> ## Starting the feature server in SSL mode

Reviewer: I would add a section outlining what SSL mode is and why you would use it.

### Obtaining a self-signed SSL certificate and key

> In development mode we can generate self-signed certificate for testing purpose. In actual production environment it is always recommended to get it from the popular SSL certificate providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In development mode we can generate a self-signed certificate for testing. In an actual production environment it is always recommended to get it from an SSL certificate provider.
```

```shell
openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout key.pem -out cert.pem -days 365 -nodes
```

The above command will generate two files
* `key.pem` : certificate private key
* `cert.pem`: certificate public key

> ### Starting Online Server in SSL Mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Starting the Online Server in SSL Mode
```

    data=json.dumps(push_data))
```

## Starting the feature server in SSL mode

> Enabling SSL mode ensures that data between the Feast client and server is transmitted securely. For an ideal production environment, it’s recommended to start the feature server in SSL mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling SSL mode ensures that data between the Feast client and server is transmitted securely. For an ideal production environment, it is recommended to start the feature server in SSL mode.
```
